what's up guys today I want to talk
about fear especially the fear we had
when we first started this project this
fear the fear of embarrassment the fear
of disappointment especially revolves
around the people you're surrounded by
whether it's your family your friends
your parents when we first started this
project eight months ago and told our
parents we were doing it they're like
what you just graduated from university
and you're starting a YouTube channel
like can't you just get a regular job
and make money in a way they were right
the reasonable thing would have been to
get a job and then start becoming
independent and an adult and all these
things so when I told them that I was
doing the YouTube they were disappointed
they thought I could do more and and
they thought it was a waste of my time
almost and that it was a fun side
project but that it wouldn't last
that's never the way we saw it for us it
was always okay there's this fear that
we're gonna fail and that we're gonna
disappoint our parents but there's also
this possibility of this working out and
us living the lives we want and about
two months ago we got an offer for a
deal to continue making these sorts of
videos and getting paid to do it
which is why we're leaving Montreal we
can't explain it all right now but we'll
explain it in a few months exactly
what's up and when I called my parents
to tell them about the deal they were
obviously super happy and super proud
that I had remembered all the times that
I had to overcome the fear of telling
them that I'm still doing that YouTube
thing and we're not making any money yet
but I promise it's gonna work out and it
was the same for Thomas's parents his
dad would call him almost every day in
September and October and November
saying like you're all living in a tiny
apartment together you and him are
sleeping in the same bed and you want to
keep making videos this is crazy but so
long as we weren't homeless and we were
fortunate enough to have an education
and and some money saved up and no
student debt so a lot of the things
where we were very lucky to have our
main obstacle was overcoming this this
sort of doubt that people had that this
would ever work out but once we were
able to overcome this fear of
disappointing all these people that we
loved and trusting our gut with this
project things worked out when you jump
in and you say get this is what I'm
going to do and I promise you it's going
to work
you find a way and that's what we did it
work for us so if you have this idea
that's sticking out in your head and
need to get it out and you need to start
working on it and the only thing
stopping you is this fear of failure or
of disappointing your family try to
overcome it because you have no idea
what's going to happen and a lot of the
times you're going to be so happy that
you went for it now our lives are
completely changing or being throwing
opportunities that we would have never
imagined that we'd have so it's yeah
lover for your baby do what you love
overcome that fear and that was really
cool so I hope you guys have an awesome
day and I will see you later